Redo account request pages (#52)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/overview/account_setup/connect-access.md

---
ospool:
  path: overview/account_setup/connect-access.md
---

# Join and Log In to "OSG Connect" Access Points

**This guide is for users who were notified by a member of the OSG team that they 
will be using the "OSG Connect" Access Points. Do not go through the steps of this 
guide until advised to by a Research Computing Facilitator**

To join and use the "OSG Connect" Access Points (`login04.osgconnect.net`, 
`login05.osgconnect.net`,`ap20.uc.osg-htc.org`), you will go through the following steps: 

1. Apply for an OSG Connect Access Point account 
2. Have your account approved by an OSG Team member
3. Generate an ssh key and add it to your web profile
4. Log in to the appropriate Access Point

## Apply for an OSG Connect Access Point account 

> If prompted by a research computing facilitator, you can apply for OSG Connect here: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If prompted by a Research Computing Facilitator, you can apply for OSG Connect here: 
```

4. Copy/paste the public key which is found in the `.pub` file into the "SSH Public Key" text box. 
The expected key is a single line, with three fields looking something like 
`ssh-rsa ASSFFSAF... user@host`. If you used the first set of key-generating 
instructions it is the content of `~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub` and for the second (using 
PuTTYgen), it is the content from step 7 above.

6. Click "Update Profile"

The key is now added to your profile in the OSG Connect website. This will automatically
be added to the login nodes within a couple hours.

> ### Can I Use Multiple Keys?
> Yes! If you want to log into OSG Connect from multiple computers, you can do so by generating
> a keypair on each computer you want to use, and then adding the public key to your OSG 
> Connect profile. 

## Logging In

After following the steps above to upload your key and it's been about fifteen minutes, you should 
be able to log in to OSG Connect. 

### Determine which login node to use

Before you can connect, you will need to know which login node your account is assigned to. You can find 
this information on your profile from the OSG Connect website.

> 1. Go to www.osgconnect.net and sign in with your CILogin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to www.osgconnect.net and sign in with your institution credentials that you used to request an account. 
```
